There are times
when peace can be threatened.
I found that out firsthand.
We both said things
we wish we hadn’t.
I thought she was just
being too sensitive.
I couldn’t even concentrate
on the meeting.
I thought,
‘Why is she overreacting?’
I felt like telling someone.
Maybe I should talk
to my friends.
I thought about calling a relative.
Or maybe I should just
go to the elders.
It was disturbing my sleep.
It was all I could think about.
The next day I volunteered
to work at a Kingdom Hall project.
But earlier that morning,
I read Matthew 5:23, 24,
where it says:
“If, then, you are
bringing your gift to the altar
“and there you remember that your brother
has something against you,
“leave your gift there
in front of the altar, and go away.
“First make your peace
with your brother,
and then come back
and offer your gift.”
How could I make
a sacrifice to Jehovah
when I’m not at peace
with my sister?
I had to ‘leave my gift’
and ‘first make peace.’
We really talked from the heart.
I didn’t want to lose my sister.
And she didn’t want to lose me.
It’s amazing how wonderful
it feels when you make peace.
I am so happy!
I not only gained my sister back
but I gained a truer
and deeper friend.
My relationship
with the congregation is stronger,
and I feel closer to Jehovah.